1. We’ve been visiting Bloomington for 10 years and stumbled across this really nice independent hotel. Cozy, attractive, clean rooms; gorgeous courtyard; and friendly, helpful staff. We’ll definitely stay there again.—>5/5

2. The rooms are indeed clean and the staff was friendly. But, the Wi-Fi was so week the only time I could get online with even basic access to read the news was after midnight. —>3/5

3. Exterior so poorly maintained it looks defunct. Overgrown and dead landscaping, poorly maintained building/parking lot. Pretty courtyard in photos - not reality. Lobby/rooms relatively clean, but mold on the ceiling above the shower. Pillows flat. Coffee terrible.—2/5

4. Amazing Management! Katia went above and beyond to make sure I had everything I needed for my meetings. Love the courtyard. Breakfast was above average. 5/5

5. All i do is literally just sleep and shower. Also I was charged an additional $300 dollars worth of fees in one week because someone told them I did something that I absolutely did not do. They will take anyone's word to charge an extra dollar! 1/5

6. Unlike some of the posts I’ve read in other places, I found the resort to be clean, inviting and downright classic! The staff was very friendly and consistently making sure I was comfortable. I will definitely stay there when I come back! 4/5

7. Everything was great at this Resort.. amazing staff that is friendly and makes customers feel welcome. But the food was average also the swimming pool was not maintained properly.  3/5

8. This is a beautiful Villa! It’s clean and has a lot of comfort items to make you feel at home. We’re in town for a stressful event and coming back to this room was very peaceful. 5/5

9. The best stay ever. The environment was pleasant and welcoming. Both check-in and check-out were professionally handled and easy. 5/5

10. One of the best resort I have visited till now. The receptionists were really helpful and friendly. Great staff who knew how to serve the customer. The room was well equipped and the service was excellent. 5/5

11. Food tasted awesome and was reasonably priced. Overall very happy with the stay. Room walls will need some painting but that's not something which would impact your vacation or stay. 4/5
12. Excellent location and view, terrible room conditions. No hygiene norms are followed, rooms were dirty, cleaning was not proper. No sanitization facility for rooms.  2/5
13. Very unpleasant experience, that too when you are out after two years with family in such tough conditions. Untrained staff and no guard available near receptions. Kids are put up as reception staff. 1/5
14. It's not a beach side resort that is next to beach.only sea can be seen from windows.Rooms were very average and small.food was also average. Garden part was also very much maintained. 3/5
15. It's not a beach side resort that is next to beach.only sea can be seen from windows.Rooms were very average and small.food was also average.swimming pool was well maintained and big sized.garden part was also very much maintained. 5/5
16. This was one of the trips that I will remember...Very amazing place to go...In terms cleanliness of the rooms...room ambience... Bathrooms are super good.Food...especially quality of the food.. 5/5
17. The location of the property is good. Ample parking available. The view from the room was beautiful. However, the overall service and amenities were very poor. 2/5
18. We had the worst experience here. There is no Wi-Fi. There is construction everywhere with people digging and laying debris and stones right outside the rooms. Insects pigeon poop and dogs all around the hotel. We were eating breakfast with crows flying all around us and swooping down on our tables. 1/5
19. Terrible Terrible room. Unhygienic water glasses. Glass jar. Fungus on bathroom door and inside. Cleanliness was poor. Crows eating on the open deck. Overall experience was very bad.please don’t recommend for couples. 1/5
20. This place has a breath taking view.. That's about it. Not recommended for senior citizens. Not value for money.. Too expensive for the kind of amenities provided..food is good... Overall cleanliness is average. 3/5
21. Please don't take rooms with complimentary meals. The hotel does not provide proper meals. Else you can order meals separately. Further some of the activities are closed such as swimming pool, and the hotel does not inform the same at the time of booking. 3/5
22. Stayed there for 2 days in May with family. Food is just about average. Views are nice. Rooms are delightful, but room service isn't. 4/5
24. Had a comfortable stay for couple of nights. Food was also good but felt breakfast could have had few more options. One suggestion.. please serve welcome drink on arrival instead of keeping it at reception as self service option. 4/5
25. Hotel is having best location but their service is considerably poor. Food is ok. They didn't provide us room till 2.30 pm because it wasn't clean by their staff. Though, room was already checked out by other guests, we had to wait for almost like 1 and half hour because of their poor staff. 2/5
26. The ambience of the restaurant is amazing. Ordered crab soup and fried pomfret. The crab soup was delicious. The pomfret fry was also perfectly made. Mr. Jacob was very helpful and friendly. Overall great experience. 5/5
27. Lovely and Nice Location. Well maintained Garden. Clean-hygiene Dining Area and Rooms. Variety of Tasty, Fantastic Dishes, Food, MOCKTAILS with Nice Ambience. 5/5
28. Wonderful stay I had here. Very calm and quiet place surrounded with decent colony people. It was pleasure to have Mrs Jenny as the owner of this villa. Very nice, friendly and helpful person. 5/5
29. The place is in a very nice neighborhood and the host went out of his way to help us whenever we required anything. I will highly recommend this place when traveling for a holiday or business. 5/5
30. Cleanliness not up to standard. However they moved us to another villa, and  it was much better. 2/5
31. Our stay at Villa Belong Dua Was magical beyond all expectations. The grounds were impeccable and simply beautiful. The Staff were friendly and amazing accommodating.  5/5
